= MongoMapper::Plugins::Sluggable

Tiny plugin for MongoMapper to cache a slugged version of a field

== Usage

Either load it into all models, or individual models:

  # add to all models
  MongoMapper::Document.plugin(MongoMapper::Plugins::Sluggable)

  # add to a specific model
  plugin MongoMapper::Plugins::Sluggable

Then call sluggable to configure it

  sluggable :title, :scope => :account_id

== Options

Available options are:

* :scope - scope to a specific field (default - nil)
* :key - what the slug key is called (default - :slug)
* :method - what method to call on the field to sluggify it (default - :parameterize)
* :callback - when to trigger the slugging (default - :before_validation_on_create)
* :start - what number to start the version numbers (default - 2)

Eg.

  sluggable :title, :scope => :account_id, :key => :title_slug, :method => :to_url, :start => 42

This will slug the title to the title_slug key, scoped to the account, will use String#to_url to slug it and start the versions at 42

== Versioning

If an item with the same slug exists, it will add a version number to the slug.

IE assuming we already have an item with the slug of "dave", the slug will be generated as "dave-1"

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself in another branch so I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Install

 $ gem install mm-sluggable

== Copyright

See LICENSE for details.